README.md, before:

# vibex-project

# prompts
1. you are a high-end, senior-level, experienced frontend designer. i'm providing you with a problem statement, create a web application for this: Brand: Aptronix — India's Premier Apple Authorised Reseller. Current State: While their physical stores offer a luxury experience, their express delivery system for local campuses and IT parks needs a digital overhaul. Customers currently have to call or visit to check stock for the latest iPhones or MacBooks. The Mission: You must build the "Aptronix Express" web portal. This platform will allow users to browse the premium catalog, purchase devices for immediate delivery, and track their high-value orders in real-time. Your goal is to replicate the seamless, "Apple" experience in code.

use this tech stack only: HTML5, CSS3, Vanilla JavaScript only, No frameworks or external libraries, Do NOT use backend, databases, local storage, or login systems

here are your responsibilities: Front-End (UI Development) Using the provided template, you must build: ● The Showcase: A beautiful grid display of Apple products (iPhones, MacBooks, AirPods) with clear pricing and specs. ● The Smart Bag: A checkout interface where users review their items and enter their delivery location. ● The Tracker: A status page showing the journey of the package (e.g., "Order Placed" -> "Out for Delivery").

ask yourself this for the Aesthetic Quality: Does the UI look like a legitimate Apple reseller? (Clean lines, good spacing, no clutter). make it so that it is as professional, smooth and attractive as the actual Apple website. create the frontend for this application accordingly for a web application.

only put the frontend code into these files, which are available within the src file: App.css, App.jsx, index.css, main.jsx


2. the UI is good as of now, but it looks too simple and plain. it doesn't look like it's responsive either, so ensure that. as a professional frontend developer, you must ensure that it's aesthetically pleasing and clean and neatly structured, so implement it and ensure that.

3.for this project, i'm using supabase as the backend. i need to set up the supabase urls and keys within the App.jsx files, so please setup that. i'll put the project URL and anon keys by myself.


4.

Commit message:

Add popup notification for product addition to bag
Added a requirement for a popup notification when a product is added to the bag.

README.md, after:

# vibex-project

# prompts
1. you are a high-end, senior-level, experienced frontend designer. i'm providing you with a problem statement, create a web application for this: Brand: Aptronix — India's Premier Apple Authorised Reseller. Current State: While their physical stores offer a luxury experience, their express delivery system for local campuses and IT parks needs a digital overhaul. Customers currently have to call or visit to check stock for the latest iPhones or MacBooks. The Mission: You must build the "Aptronix Express" web portal. This platform will allow users to browse the premium catalog, purchase devices for immediate delivery, and track their high-value orders in real-time. Your goal is to replicate the seamless, "Apple" experience in code.

use this tech stack only: HTML5, CSS3, Vanilla JavaScript only, No frameworks or external libraries, Do NOT use backend, databases, local storage, or login systems

here are your responsibilities: Front-End (UI Development) Using the provided template, you must build: ● The Showcase: A beautiful grid display of Apple products (iPhones, MacBooks, AirPods) with clear pricing and specs. ● The Smart Bag: A checkout interface where users review their items and enter their delivery location. ● The Tracker: A status page showing the journey of the package (e.g., "Order Placed" -> "Out for Delivery").

ask yourself this for the Aesthetic Quality: Does the UI look like a legitimate Apple reseller? (Clean lines, good spacing, no clutter). make it so that it is as professional, smooth and attractive as the actual Apple website. create the frontend for this application accordingly for a web application.

only put the frontend code into these files, which are available within the src file: App.css, App.jsx, index.css, main.jsx


2. the UI is good as of now, but it looks too simple and plain. it doesn't look like it's responsive either, so ensure that. as a professional frontend developer, you must ensure that it's aesthetically pleasing and clean and neatly structured, so implement it and ensure that.

3.for this project, i'm using supabase as the backend. i need to set up the supabase urls and keys within the App.jsx files, so please setup that. i'll put the project URL and anon keys by myself.

4.when a product is added to the bag, ensure to give a popup notification that that product was added to bag. ensure it is shown for 3 seconds, then fades out under a second.

5.
